Adding Minimal GPFS Tester docs card (#580)
validatedpatterns/docs: content/patterns/gpfs-tester/_index.adoc

---
title: GPFS Tester
date: 2025-07-01
tier: sandbox
summary: This pattern demonstrates the integration of Global Parallel File System (GPFS/IBM Fusion) with Red Hat OpenShift and includes performance testing as part of the demo as a benefit to product teams and customers.
rh_products:
- Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
industries:
- storage services
aliases: /gpfs-tester/
pattern_logo: mlops-fraud-detection.png
links:
  github: https://github.com/validatedpatterns-sandbox/gpfs-tester
  install: https://github.com/validatedpatterns-sandbox/gpfs-tester
  bugs: https://github.com/validatedpatterns-sandbox/gpfs-tester/issues
  feedback: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScI76b6tD1WyPu2-d_9CCVDr3Fu5jYERthqLKJDUGwqBg7Vcg/viewform
//ci: gpfs
contributor:
  name: Martin Jackson
  contact: mailto:mhjacks@redhat.com
  git: https://github.com/mhjacks
---

> This pattern is under development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
==== 
This pattern is under development. 
====
```

> Please reference the link:https://github.com/validatedpatterns-sandbox/gpfs-tester[Git Repository] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the link:https://github.com/validatedpatterns-sandbox/gpfs-tester[GPFS git repository] 
```
